will you hurry up the shops will be shot
come in
visit the lapd put your hands in the air
will you just stop
oh where's he going now you're gonna
have to find me first kappa you hear me
look stop messing about yes this looks
like normal water mr bond and a normal
flower but if you uh
remove the stem you'll find a grenade
inside i just want to get to the shop
before clothes is all right
oh my knees are killing me ah i dropped
the grenade roughly alive
time we leave the house you're 35 years
old for goodness sake
oh bitty the kid's done a whoopsie on
the garbage
that's it we're shopping online from now
on it's like having two kids oh
stand there nice again who's that alan
alan
hear me you know alan alan alan
alan alan al alan alan
alan alan alan
ellen oh it's not alan
steve steve steve steve steve steve
steve steve
[Music]
you